Add note about resources if using different namespace (#52)
openshift/pipelines-tutorial: README.md

$ oc create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift/pipelines-tutorial/master/pipeline/resources.yaml
```

> **Note** :-
>

> >If you are not in `pipelines-tutorial` namespace, and using other namespace for tutorial, please make sure you update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If you are not into the `pipelines-tutorial` namespace, and using another namespace for the tutorial steps, please make sure you update the
```

> frontend and backend image resource to correct url with your namespace name like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frontend and backend image resource to the correct url with your namespace name like so : 
```
